Jiro, are you hallucinating from taking medicine?
The interests of Aolong and BDO
Why park you in the car?
It doesn't matter if it's R & D, right?
Their company is engaged in micro-revolution
Very likely
Mr. Cai Tian
We have no business selling adult drugs.
You should sell your medicine to others.
But if it's ecstasy
Is it the antidote to tiger umbrella?
Ah golden tasteless ecstasy
Master Shi, this guy dares to go up
Ahhhhhh
Ahhhhh
Ahhhh!
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ahhhhh
Ah!
I actually didn't put down my principles in advance
You are so despicable.
It doesn't require us to succeed or fail, it's just the process
It's the outcome that matters.
Who let you guys do business?
Don't leave a play for yourself
Blame me for taking a screenshot halfway.
Hurry up and notify the whole family
Only he can handle this guy
The signal is blocked
Ouch, I can't type it out, hahaha.
We all attract people to do things, and no water will flow.
How could I possibly give you a chance to meet outside?
Hahaha
Get everyone to hand in books
Stunned after paying the money
Wave down more than ten two waters and the antidote and throw it away
Let's go
Spring Rain told you
Who is so beautiful?
Hey, it's a pity to just extort some money
Hey, hey, why don't you let me take some more cigarette pictures?
Hahaha